% README -- Contents of the AASTeX package distribution

Thanks for your interest in the AASTeX package for manuscript preparation.
This directory contains all the files in the distribution.  They are
described briefly below.  Following the file descriptions
are short installation instructions, the generic recipe for printing the
user guide and sample, and information about contacting us regarding
the distribution.

aastex.cls		The AASTeX class file

aasguide.tex		The user guide for the package
aasguide.pdf		PDF of the user guide

aassymbols.tex		Tables of AASTeX and AMS symbols commands
aassymbols.pdf		PDF of the symbols tables

sample.tex		Sample paper with "typical" content and markup
table.tex		Sample table file demonstrating capabilities 
	                of deluxetable

natbib.sty		The natbib citation package (v7.1)
natnotes.tex		The natbib reference guide
natnotes.pdf		PDF of the natbib reference

You will also find the following sample graphics and 
supplemental materials files. 

f1.eps		Sample figure files
f2.eps
f2_color.eps
f3.eps 

video3.mpg	A sample MPEG animation

datafile1.txt	A machine-readable version of Table 1 from sample.tex

 
INSTALLING THE CLASS FILE

The aastex.cls file must be installed so that LaTeX can find it.
To use AASTeX locally, simply place it in the same directory as 
your LaTeX file. 

To install AASTeX for global use on your system, 
copy the aastex.cls (and natbib.sty if 
it is not already on your system) into the directory where your 
LaTeX installation expects to find class files. 

Alternately, Unix/Linux users can use the make file included 
with the distribution. Simply adjust the Makefile so that 
the INSTALLDIR parameter is set to the directory where your 
installation expects to find class files, e.g. 

INSTALLDIR = /usr/share/texmf/tex/latex/misc

If you have teTeX installed, 
run "texconfig conf" to see what TEXMFMAIN is.

Once the INSTALLDIR parameter is set correctly 
in the Makefile, type "make install" at the prompt. 
(You must have the necessary 
write permission in the system area where LaTeX 
files are installed.)

If you are using teTeX, you will need to update the LaTeX 
cache by typing "texconfig rehash."

Please see the AASTeX Web site FAQ at

http://aastex.aas.org/

for additional installation notes or contact the help desk at 
aastex-help@aas.org for assistance. 


PRINTING THE GUIDE AND SAMPLES

The user guide is written in AASTeX preprint2 style.  
To print it out on a PostScript printer , you will need a DVI driver 
that will output to PostScript. If you wish to print to PostScript, 
and you are on a Unix or Linux system,  
the DVI driver on your computer system is probably called "dvips". 
To print out the user guide DVI file, type 

    prompt> dvips aasguide

To create and print your own DVI file, type

    prompt> latex aasguide
    prompt> latex aasguide
    prompt> dvips aasguide

There are various system- and program-specific eccentricities which
cannot be fully enumerated here.  Some things to watch out for:

    1.  On some systems, LaTeX does not permit a filename extension
	(the .tex) on the input file specification; .tex is assumed.

    2.  The user interfaces for DVI drivers are quite inconsistent.
	Some operate in an interactive mode, asking the user about
	variable setup parameters, while some only accept control
	input on the command line.

    3.  On some systems, DVI translation and printing are combined,
	so one would enter only one OS command after running LaTeX.
	This is typically the case for dvips.

Since LaTeX installations vary widely, you may need to consult 
the documentation for your particular installation or your local 
system administator for guidance in installing and using 
AASTeX.
 
ADMINISTRATIVE DETAILS

AASTeX was designed and written by Chris Biemesderfer in 1988.
Substantial revisions were made by Lee Brotzman and Pierre
Landau when the package was updated to v4.0.
AASTeX was rewritten as a LaTeX class by Arthur Ogawa for the
v5.0 release. It was updated to v5.2 by SR Nova Private Ltd.
The documentation has benefited from revisions by
Jeannette Barnes, Sara Zimmerman, and Greg Schwarz.

Comments, suggestions, complaints, and pleas for help can be sent
electronically to aastex-help@aas.org.

AASTeX Web site: http://aastex.aas.org/

CB, 20 May 1999
Rev. SZ, 2 Nov 2000
Rev. SZ, 14 Dec 2004
